[docs] Update development build docs (#36374)
expo/expo: docs/pages/develop/development-builds/introduction.mdx

searchPosition: 1
---

import { Collapsible } from '~/ui/components/Collapsible';
import { ContentSpotlight } from '~/ui/components/ContentSpotlight';
import { Step } from '~/ui/components/Step';
import { VideoBoxLink } from '~/ui/components/VideoBoxLink';

> A **development build** is a debug build of your app that is optimized for quick iterations when creating an app. It contains the the [`expo-dev-client`](/versions/latest/sdk/dev-client/) library. By using development builds, you gain full control over the native runtime, so you can [install any native libraries](#use-libraries-with-native-code-that-arent-in-expo-go), [modify any project configuration](/config-plugins/introduction/), or [write your own native code](/modules/get-started/). With Expo development builds, you are building your own native app.

Reviewer: i think that's fine for now, and shouldn't block this PR. we should discuss separately how we can explain dev builds here without needing to refer to expo go at all, so the explanation makes sense to anybody who has used react-native and not just to folks coming from expo go. eg: "gain full control over the native runtime" doesn't make so much sense to that user -- it assumes you're coming from expo go

> A **development build** is a debug build of your app that is optimized for quick iterations when creating an app. It contains the the [`expo-dev-client`](/versions/latest/sdk/dev-client/) library. By using development builds, you gain full control over the native runtime, so you can [install any native libraries](#use-libraries-with-native-code-that-arent-in-expo-go), [modify any project configuration](/config-plugins/introduction/), or [write your own native code](/modules/get-started/). With Expo development builds, you are building your own native app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Development build" is the term that we use for a "Debug" build of an app that includes the [`expo-dev-client`](/versions/latest/sdk/dev-client/) library. This library augments the built-in React Native development tooling with additional capabilities, such as support for inspecting network requests and a "launcher" UI that lets you switch between different development servers (such as between a server running on your machine or a teammate's machine) and deployments of your app (such as published updates with EAS Update).
```

Reviewer: something like this is more what i think would be useful here. people can learn more about expo go differences below in that collapsible.
